v2.6.0 post (#54)
brigadecore/blog: content/2022-06-03-brigade-2.6.0-and-friends.md

---
title: "Brigade 2.6.0 and Friends"
slug: "2022-06-03-brigade-2.6.0-and-friends"
description: "Brigade 2.6.0 has been released"
date: "2022-06-03"
author: "Kent Rancourt"
summary: "Brigade 2.6.0 and several new peripherals have been released!"
---

Hello, Brigadiers! We hope everyone's had a great week! It's certainly been a
great one for us because we're closing it out with the release of Brigade v2.6.0
and a few new peripherals!

Brigade v2.6.0 continues the trend of small, frequent releases that are more
evolutionary than revolutionary. Apart from the bug fixes, doc improvements, and

> other maintenance that go into every release, there's just one noteworthy change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other maintenance that goes into every release, there's one noteworthy change
```

Author: On board with striking the "just," but wasn't "go" grammatically correct in this sentence?

in v2.6.0 -- Brigade is now allowing longer label and qualifier values on events
and in projects' event subscriptions. As small a change as this may seem, it's a
key enabler for an important new peripheral...

Today, we're announcing that the
[Brigade CloudEvents Gateway](https://github.com/brigadecore/brigade-cloudevents-gateway)
has reached general availability with its v1.0.0 release. Support for
CloudEvents is _monumentally_ important because of its broadly useful potential
for integrating Brigade with innumerable third-party services that also act as
CloudEvent producers.

To illustrate this new gateway's utility, let's consider Microsoft Azure.
[Azure Event Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-grid/overview)

> can subscribe to events originating from many, if not most, types of Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can subscribe to events originating from many types of Azure
```

resources, transform them to CloudEvents, and deliver those over HTTPS to any

> CloudEvents consumer -- such as the Brigade CloudEvents gateway. And just like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudEvents consumer, including the Brigade CloudEvents gateway. And just like
```

> that -- Brigade v2.6.0+ scripts can be triggered by just about anything in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that, Brigade v2.6.0+ scripts can be triggered by just about anything in
```

Author: I like dashes because they sometimes pack more punch than a comma, as if to signal that what comes next is an important conclusion, but I definitely tend to overuse them. I struck the previous one, per your recommendation. I think I'd like to keep this one.

> Azure. And Azure is just the tip of the iceberg since the CloudEvents 1.0
> specification is being so widely adopted throughout the cloud-native community.

Reviewer: modifying to avoid saying Azure twice in a row:

```suggestion
Since the CloudEvents 1.0 specification is being so widely adopted throughout the cloud-native community, this peripheral unlocks a wide range of use-cases.
```

Author: Rewording with something quite similar to what you have proposed.

Author: > And
this example is but the tip of the iceberg. Because the CloudEvents 1.0
specification is being so widely adopted throughout the cloud-native community,
this gateway unlocks a wide range of use cases.

And that's not all.

Within the past two weeks, we've also cut the first Brigade v2-compatible
[Brigade Bitbucket Gateway](https://github.com/brigadecore/brigade-bitbucket-gateway)
release and the
[Brigade Noisy Neighbor](https://github.com/brigadecore/brigade-noisy-neighbor)
has reached general availability with its v1.0.0 release.

The Bitbucket gateway is admittedly not as full-featured as the
[Brigade GitHub Gateway](https://github.com/brigadecore/brigade-github-gateway),
but provides Brigade v2 with Bitbucket integration on par with that which had
been available for Brigade v1, which is important in light of Brigade v1 having

> reached end-of-life on June 1.

Reviewer: I don't think you have to say this like it's a bad thing. how about something more along the lines of saying the Bitbucket gateway is younger than the GitHub gateway and brings that VCS up to par with v1.

Author: Whoops... I didn't complete my thought here. After mentioning parity with v1, I meant to go on to say that we would happily work with the community if anyone wants to help bring this gateway on par with what we have for GitHub. I'll work that in there.

Author: > The Bitbucket gateway provides Brigade v2 with Bitbucket integration on par with
that which had been available for Brigade v1, which is important in light of
Brigade v1 having reached end-of-life on June 1. If the community expresses
interest in it, we'd be eager to partner with the community contributors to
expand this gateway to support
[Bitbucket Cloud Apps](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/bitbucket-cloud-apps-overview/),
which would put its functionality on par with that offered by the
[Brigade GitHub Gateway](https://github.com/brigadecore/brigade-github-gateway).
